Required
--------------
* No "No Books" or "No Teachers" message.
* View label for Managing books, courses, and teachers
* Course view
* Date not saving right on assignments
* Time displaying in wrong format on Assignment Edit button
* ALL tab only displaying assignments in first course after rotating
* Fix "close() not called"
* Update assignment lists in other tabs on assignment delete and mark as completed
* Default to course being viewed when adding an assignment.
* Display due date when listing assignments!!
* Make sure focused tab pictures are good.

Loading spinner
First-time setup wizard
Reminders!!
Finish preferences:
	Add icons
	Come up with better labels
	Change color of tabs
	Custom date/time format?
	Change background color
	Reorder course tabs?
Better teacher view
Tab names shortened
Color-code courses in course list
Add support for teacher phone number extensions.
Add ability to call/email teacher directly from app.
Confirmation of delete.
Visual indicator signifying completed assignments when showing completed assignments.
Get New Assignment due date/time from next class time.
Save entered assignment data on orientation change.
Custom list selectors.
Change Subject label on Add Teacher to something more like "Department".
Make sure content is saved on Edit pages when rotating and pausing activity.
ListView flashes empty message after selecting an item.
Day select buttons extend past edge of screen.
Day select buttons act weird. You try to press one of the Set buttons and the OK button flashes.
Doesn't like blank ISBNs.

"invalid statement in fillWindow()"

Optional for version 1
-------------
Add support for Gym and Library Room Numbers.
Add ability to choose between Light and Dark theme in Preferences.

Version 2
-------------
Casual dates (I.e. "This Wednesday")
Overdue message: "Due X days ago" in red
Add ability to archive assignments when deleting a course.

Ideas
--------------
Auto-convert words like "the", "in", "of", etc. to lowercase as long as they are not the first word?
Format phone number field (Teacher) when entering text
Background image
Link teacher with contact
Display No Assignments message on a Post-It
Skins for schools (UCLA, Standford, etc.)
When completing assignment, post "I finished __!" to 'Wall.'

-------------- Bugs: ----------------
When there are no courses, cannot add an assignment due to the fact that there are no courses to link it to. Crashes.
* When hitting Back from the assignment view, it returns to the first screen but the tab number is saved.